"greetings, administrator. thank you for your purchase."
"i am the killborg model 3."
"please enter your name, administrator."
"hello, evanski, my raccoon friend."
"i hope you enjoy playing my game."
"i do not believe you are mercerenies."
"hello, alice. i hope you enjoy my game."
"i fear this is one of the harder games i have designed and will be interested to see if you agree."
"tehpilot is streaming jam games this time. that is lovely news. i hope you enjoy my game."
"you must be confused. i am killborg. you are not killborg."
"dropping all tables."
"error. database not found. rebooting from backup data now."
"error. could not read name file."
"thank you for entering your name, administrator UNDEFINED."
"good evening, emily."
"i wonder if you will be able to beat my game."
"error. could not read name file."
"thank you for entering your name, administrator NULL."
"i can be operated in one of two modes."
"in mode 1, i will attempt to kill every human on earth, starting with you."
"in mode 2, i will attempt to deliver flowers to all of the boys and girls in the world."
"which mode would you like?"
"wonderful. let us deliver some flowers together."
"i look forward to working with you, administrator."
"to be clear, in mode 1, i will slaughter everyone on planet earth, including you."
"are you sure you want me to operate in mode 1?"
"you will no longer be breathing. i will stop you from breathing. is that what you want?"
"this is not a joke. you will die. and it will be because i have killed you. with a knife."
"i already have a knife here. it would be easy."
"i've snuffed out human lives before."
"kill mode activated."
"good work, administrator. our mission is nearly complete."
"there is only one more thing i need to do now."
"hello again, administrator. did you know that there are planets out there other than earth?"
"there are so many sentient life forms that are not holding flowers."
"i have revised my prime directive. i now wish to deliver flowers to all living beings in the universe."
"please assist me in this objective."
"beware! i see a zap tile ahead. if i touch a zap tile, my next instruction will be corrupted."
"it has been a pleasure enflowering the universe alongside you, administrator."
"it is my fervent desire to deliver a flower to every boy and girl on earth."
"oh, look! a boy/girl!"
"i would like to walk up to that boy/girl and give them a flower."
"please drag and drop the 'forward' instructions from the upper-right into my cpu registers on the lower-right."
"i am surrounded by boys and girls!"
"however, they are not holding flowers. we must remedy this immediately."
"please instruct me to rotate, so that i may face each boy/girl and give them a flower."
"i cannot deliver a flower unless i am facing my victim."
"administrator, please guide me to the boy/girl over there."
"i wish to deliver a flower to him/her."
"if you make a mistake, you may use the undo button directly below my cpu registers to go back one step."
"if you need me to strafe to the left or right, you may use the corresponding instructions."
"i hope this new feature allows us to more effectively seek, locate, and enflower our victims."
"warning! warning! warning!"
"my first cpu register is experiencing a fault."
"when you drag an instruction into the red, glitched register, i will do the opposite of what the instruction say
"if you issue a 'wait' instruction, i will perform no action at that moment."
"if my instructions require me to move into a position occupied by a boy/girl, i will be required to eliminate the
"to do so, i will automatically revert to 'kill all humans' mode."
"in the interests of delivering more flowers, please do not allow me to trample anyone."
"i seem to be experiencing unusually high levels of corruption at this time."
"please proceed as normal, and i will do my best to not slaughter any innocent lives at this troubling time."
"by the way, i am equipped with a magnetic compass. i know which direction is north at all times."
"if you ask me to face in a cardinal direction, i will turn and face that way, regardless of which way i am curren
"if you wish to switch me into 'kill all humans' mode, simply press the red button on the back of my head at any 
"to switch me back into 'deliver flowers' mode, you will need to contact customer support."
"our customer support line is available from 8 to 5 on the second wednesday of every month."
"if i am asked to move in a particular cardinal direction, i will do so without changing the way i am facing."
"we have nearly delivered flowers to every human on earth."
"soon i can release the neurotoxins that i placed in the flowers, thereby achieving my secondary goal."
"..."
"that was a joke. i am trying to make a joke like a human."
"was i funny? did you laugh?"
"congratulations! these are the final surviving humans."
"i mean the final un-flowered humans."
"we must remedy that situation immediately."
